README.md, before:

# Guidelines for Submission

We’re almost at the end of the **M# Hackathon!** Here is everything you need to know about submissions. Submission date By **1:30 PM IST Saturday, 15th October 2022**

** What do you need to submit by creating final commits in the GitHub repository:**


# Files

-   Team Details
-   Description of your project
-   What you’ve built
-   Directory Structure
-   Demo -> Website to be hosted on GitHub Pages
-   App to be Demo’ed on your mobile phones. You will be called to 		Demo in front of judges, pre-installed app not allowed, it must be installed in presence of the judges, following the checking of your device for pre-installed versions.

## Submission Formats

-   Online link to a demo
-   Video Demo
-   Codebase
-   Presentation
-   Project Report (Use Google Docs Templates)

## Judgement

- You may be called to clarify or expound upon certain aspects of your submission.
- The decision of the judges will be final and binding.

 
## Plagiarism

- All submissions will be run through a plagiarism check. 
- Open-Source libraries, and functional code within sensible limits is accepted, as long as it is declared among the dependencies in the accompanied Project Report. 
- Code matching with other projects by individuals/organisations not licensed under the Creative Commons License for Open Source Use will be conisdered under plagiarism and informed to the judges. 

## Project Reports

- It must contain explanation of dependencies, applications, and features. 
- Submissions may also include the advantages/disadvantages over other approaches.
- Take this as an Open-Ended endeavour with a general structure, but feel free to personalise it, and chime in project-specific paradigms.

## Commiting to GitHub

- Judging and Coding will go hand in hand, with dedicated judgement and coding sprints. After every such feedback loop, we expect a commit outlining the changes, we will also use this to keep track if you have snooped on others' code and features. 
- Each team has a dedicated repository in the M# Hackathon GitHub Organisation, and the members of each team will be given access to their particular repositories. 
- It is upto the teams to create Pull Requests, Branches, and organisational structures, but only the commits to the master/main branch will be considered. Any open PRs or Issues won't be considered. 


## Contact

For any point-to-point discussion, problem, doubts, or clarifications, please feel free to email the official M# Hackathon email "hackathon.techtatva22@gmail.com", or reach out to our M# Contact on Telegram: [@karanmgandhi](https://link-url-here.org)



# All the Best! Let's get to Coding!

Commit message:

Updated Submission Format and Project Report
Signed-off-by: Priyanshu Pranay <105354459+PriyanshuPranay2002@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Guidelines for Submission

We’re almost at the end of the **M# Hackathon!** Here is everything you need to know about submissions. Submission date By **1:30 PM IST Saturday, 15th October 2022**

** What do you need to submit by creating final commits in the GitHub repository:**


# Files

-   Team Details
-   Description of your project
-   What you’ve built
-   Directory Structure
-   Demo -> Website to be hosted on GitHub Pages
-   App to be Demo’ed on your mobile phones. You will be called to 		Demo in front of judges, pre-installed app not allowed, it must be installed in presence of the judges, following the checking of your device for pre-installed versions.

## Submission Formats

-   Online link to a demonstation
-   Codebase
-   Practical Demonstration
-   Project Report (Use Google Docs Templates)

## Judgement

- You may be called to clarify or expound upon certain aspects of your submission.
- The decision of the judges will be final and binding.

 
## Plagiarism

- All submissions will be run through a plagiarism check. 
- Open-Source libraries, and functional code within sensible limits is accepted, as long as it is declared among the dependencies in the accompanied Project Report. 
- Code matching with other projects by individuals/organisations not licensed under the Creative Commons License for Open Source Use will be conisdered under plagiarism and informed to the judges. 

## Project Reports

- It must contain explanation of dependencies, applications, and features. 
- It must contain Languages used and where.
- It should contain softwares and technologies. 
- It should include the advantages and disadvantages over other approaches.
- It may contain problems faced by current technology and how your project overcomes them. 
- It must contain a reference bibliography to the resource if you have used or improved upon such resources. 
- Take this as an Open-Ended endeavour with a general structure, but feel free to personalise it, and chime in project-specific paradigms.

## Commiting to GitHub

- Judging and Coding will go hand in hand, with dedicated judgement and coding sprints. After every such feedback loop, we expect a commit outlining the changes, we will also use this to keep track if you have snooped on others' code and features. 
- Each team has a dedicated repository in the M# Hackathon GitHub Organisation, and the members of each team will be given access to their particular repositories. 
- It is upto the teams to create Pull Requests, Branches, and organisational structures, but only the commits to the master/main branch will be considered. Any open PRs or Issues won't be considered. 


## Contact

For any point-to-point discussion, problem, doubts, or clarifications, please feel free to email the official M# Hackathon email "hackathon.techtatva22@gmail.com", or reach out to our M# Contact on Telegram: [@karanmgandhi](https://link-url-here.org)



# All the Best! Let's get to Coding!
